#summary This page helps users get started with Netflux

Netflux comes in two flavors: 
 #MATLAB Independent (for basic users or users without access to MATLAB)
 #MATLAB Dependent (for advanced users who want control of the environment) 

As such, there are two different ways to get started.  Choose the link that best describes you. 

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= MATLAB Independent =
== Installation == 
  # Download and extract Netflux32.zip to your desired directory. The contents of this zip file are: 
   * Documentation
   * exampleNet.xls – An example Network Excel File
   * license.txt – license for the program
   * Cytoscape_vizmapper.props – visual property file for Cytoscape
  # Download MATLAB Component Runtime 4.11 (file can be found [http://people.virginia.edu/~jjs3g/netflux/MCRInstaller_Windows4p11.exe here]) 
  # Double click Netflux_pkg. It will start extraction of several files:  Netflux32.exe
  # Follow the instructions to install MCR.  





= MATLAB Dependent = 
== Installation ==
  # Download and extract NetfluxSC.zip to your desired directory. The contents of this zip file are:
   * Documentation
   * exampleNet.xls – An example Network Excel File
   * license.txt – license for the program
   * Cytoscape_vizmapper.props – visual property file for Cytoscape
   * !NetfluxSource.zip – The main Netflux program
  # Locate and extract !NetfluxSource.zip to the desired directory
== Using Netflux with MATLAB (Generating a Source Code) == 
  # Run Netflux.m and when prompted, type in C (or c). 
  # Input your Excel network file. 
  # A message on MATLAB will say that NetfluxSourceCode was created; open NetfluxSourceCode.m, make any edits needed, and then run it. 
  # You have the option to export the data to a data sheet for use in programs such as Cytoscape (www.cytoscape.org). To export the data sheet, uncomment the two lines around line 27 in NetfluxSourceCode.m. 
   * Note: The data is space delimited
  # The .sif and ![NetworkName]_nodeAttributes.txt files needed for Cytoscape are automatically generated each time NetfluxSourceCode.m is created.  You can turn this off by uncommenting the second-to-last line in xls2Netflux.m located in the +util folder. 
== Using Netflux in GUI mode == 
  # Run Netflux.m and when prompted, type in G (or g). 
  # Input your network Excel file.
  # The GUI will appear after you have selected your network Excel file.  