#summary This page addresses common known issues for the XLS Network sheet.

= Introduction =

Netflux requires an XLS (Excel) file as an input. This XLS file requires a specific format, and any deviation from this format may result in errors. This page provides solutions to common known issues that may result from an incorrect XLS file. 


= Solutions To Common XLS Errors =

  * Be sure to use the specie ID for the Reaction Rules. 
  * Files should be saved in .xls format. Preferably, they should be saved as Microsoft Excel 95/5.0.  Files saved as 97-2003 Excel Workbook may or may not read correctly.
  * Network names (i.e., the Excel file name) cannot have spaces; use underscores instead. 
  * ‘species’ and ‘reactions’ tabs have to be this exact spelling and case (for v1.0). 
  * Data has to start on line 3.  
  * *Cannot* have both regular and bold font in *any cell*
  * UNICODE characters cannot be read
  * For Input Species, make sure to input ‘=A, not just =A (as this would prompt a function). 
  * Make sure there are no plots in the sheets. 
  * For Google Doc Users: After exporting as an Excel file, open up the Worksheet, and save it as a .xls file using another spreadsheet program, such as Microsoft Excel or !OpenOffice. 
   * Reason: Exporting from Google seems to save the data into Unicode, which Netflux does not support.  Saving the file again using another spreadsheet program will remedy this error. 
  * For !OpenOffice Users: Save as any of the .xls file types (Microsoft Excel 95 or Microsoft Excel 5.0 are preferred, or Microsoft Excel 97/2000/XP)